Pricing logic for multiple sponsorships of the same child.

a.  the max_sponsors field in the groups table controls the number of sponsors permitted per child.
		1	only one sponsor per child
		n	up to n sponsors are possible
		I would discourage values of n greater than 2, but there's no mathematical reason
		to limit it within the computer logic.

b.  The num_sponsors column in the items table records the number of active sponsors for that child.
		This increments by 1 whenever a sponsor is added
		This decrements by 1 whenever a sponsor is removed
		It can never be less than 0
		
c.  A child is fully sponsored when num_sponsors >= max_sponsors.

d.  A child is available for sponsorship when num_sponsors < max_sponsors.

e.  When more than one sponsor per child is possible, the options are:
		Sponsor the entire child.
		Sponsor 1/n of the child.
		
		We will not permit arbitrary splits since this will become too difficult to track efficiently.
		
f.  When renewing an existing sponsorship, the sponsor can NOT change their sponsorship level.  
		Someone fully sponsoring the child can not switch to shared sponsorship.
		Someone in a shared sponsorship can not switch to a full sponsorship.
		
		The alternative is to release the child and create a new sponsorship with the new settings.
		
g.  When a child is partially sponsored, that sponsor can increase to a full sponsorship by 
	purchasing the other portions of that child (if they are still available), but the system 
	will treat each of those portions as separate shared sponsorships that just happen to involve 
	the same person.  Each will be a separate transaction with different payment dates.
		It is just not feasible to consolidate multiple recurring credit card transactions
		into a single transaction with a new dollar amount.
		
		The alternative is to release the child and create a new sponsorship with the new settings. 
		
h.  Rules for moving a child from one group to another.  

	This matters only when max_sponsors is different for the two groups.  
	
	When max_sponsors for the new group is greater than for the prior group:
		There needs to be discussion of what to do with existing sponsorships.
			When a child has a single sponsor, does that person automatically assume the additional sponsorship(s)?
	
	When max_sponsors for the new group is less than for the prior group:
			
		

	